Previously on "Blindspot."
I know you're using.
I don't know how bad it is, but I know.
You gotta learn how to relax.
I have a court document that says that
- he changed his name 12 years ago.
- Why would he do that?
Did you change your name?
You were the one who said you
didn't wanna talk about the past.
I'm gonna go.
This is from my source.
He's given me coordinates on the dead drop.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Uhh!
Gah! Uhh!
Who are you? Who sent you?
- There you go.
- They were... right?
What're we toasting to?
- No.
- Yes.
- Come on.
- Really?
You gonna make us do this every round?
Yes! It's bad luck
to take a shot without toasting.
- Says who?
- Says my Uncle Ricky.
- Oh.
- And everyone else.
Cheers to Uncle Ricky.
Drink up.
Hey, there she is.
Wait, I thought you had that thing.
I... I had to reschedule.
Jane, true or false:
it's bad luck to take
a shot without toasting.
Uh, false?
- Done!
- Whatever, she has amnesia.
You're many drinks
behind. Let's catch you up.
- Yeah, so you two...
- So much liquor.
...kill that bottle.
- Okay.
- It's time to get to the real good stuff.
Oh, now we move on to the good stuff?
Mmm.
Mm-hmm.
So, when did Oliver reschedule for?
Uh, we're gonna figure it out.
You told him you ran a
background check on him,
- and he freaked out.
- Pretty much.
Did he at least say
why he changed his name?
Uh, no, we didn't get that far.
He was pretty hung up on the whole
"massive invasion of privacy" thing.
Boys.
So sensitive.
Listen, about before...
Patterson, stay out of my business.
I am not trying to be nosy.
You're my friend, and
I'm worried about you.
Sorry, I was just, um...
Snooping?
No, no, um...
- Uh-huh?
- Maybe a little bit, yeah.
You did a really nice job.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Put it all together before I knew that...
Allie was moving.
So, after the baby's born,
are you just... gonna
go back and forth, or...
I'm sorry, it's none of my business.
No, it's okay.
I don't know what we're gonna do.
Well, I'm sure you'll figure it out.
- It's Nas.
- Hmm?
She's been attacked.
The doctors are still checking on Nas.
She seems okay.
Any idea who attacked her?
Shepherd must've caught wind
that Nas's source had reached out.
I wanted to stop Nas from getting this.
It's yours... whatever's on that
was worth killing or dying for.
- So it must be big.
- Or it was a decoy.
Nas's source has been dark for a year.
Then out of the blue he
re-establishes contact?
Think he was setting her up for an ambush?
No, he's always given her valuable intel.
I mean, he told her about me being dropped
in Times Square before it happened.
Yeah, and he also gave Nas key details
on Sandstorm's org chart,
Shepherd's interest in me.
It doesn't make sense that he
suddenly turned against her.
Okay, what if it wasn't him on the call?
Sandstorm could've gotten that
number and used it to set up a trap.
Whoa, this drive is crazy encrypted.
This is a lot of work for a decoy.
How long is it gonna
take you to decrypt it?
All night, at least.
I need you to keep working on it.
Hey, are you okay?
Shepherd's always one step ahead of us.
First, the HMX sale,
Sean Clark, and now this.
So when are we gonna get a break? When?
Listen, we're gonna get her.
Okay, I know something is on that drive.
What's-her-face is kinda
cute, with the hair.
- Oh...
- What?
Agents Reade and Zapata.
It's your lucky day.
The hot water's working in the showers?
We finally have soft
serve at the commissary?
Close... you've been selected
for today's random drug screen.
Oh, I don't think you understand
the definition of "lucky."
- It'll just take a few minutes.
- Couldn't you have,
like, given us a heads-up on this?
I don't think you understand
the definition of "random."
Agent Reade?
I'm coming down with
something. I got a stomach bug.
I'm afraid I can't let you out of my sight
until you've completed the drug screen.
No, seriously, I should get home...
Sorry... Bureau policy.
You have to eat.
I'm not hungry.
You still sleeping on the floor?
I like the floor.
No one likes the floor, Roman.
Those sheets feel like steel wool.
So, what'd you do last night?
- Mmm...
- Okay, I'll start.
I counted the concrete seams in my cell.
117, if you were wondering.
Um, I went for a... a
quick drink with the team.
What about that guy you're seeing?
The, uh, the one who sent the flowers.
We're kind of on the outs.
You don't need to feel
guilty for your social life.
I just don't like seeing you like this.
Look, I... I know I don't have much,
but what little I do have, I owe to you.
Hey, how are you?
Yeah, I'm... I'm fine.
You should've seen the other guy.
All right, what do you got?
I decoded the USB.
It had a username and
password for an FTP site.
And I was just about to
log in when you got here.
- That's Shepherd.
- And Borden.
What else can you get from these files?
Location? Timestamp?
The metadata's been wiped.
Zoom in on that newspaper box.
That's yesterday's paper.
These were taken less than 24 hours ago.
That's my inside source phone.
I see you've logged
onto my FTP site.
I'm lucky I got out with my life.
Obviously Shepherd doesn't
want you seeing those photos.
I can see why. You've got quite the eye.
Where were they taken?
It doesn't matter where
Shepherd was yesterday.
It matters where she's
going to be today.
- And you know?
- Yes.
Prove it.
This needs to happen tomorrow.
You just tell Shepherd
to be there at 3:00.
She'll be there.
Who's Borden talking to?
Where's Shepherd going to be?
Bring $500,000 in unmarked bills
to Trinity Plaza at noon,
and I'll tell you the rest.
Come alone.
Who is this guy?
He's the guy who's about to put us
a step ahead of Shepherd.
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
- Hey.
I just talked to Nas...
you're sending a scout team
to Trinity Plaza before the meet?
Well, we need to know
what we're dealing with
before we do anything else.
If Nas's inside man
sees any sign of agents,
he could get spooked and cancel the drop.
If we don't check it out first,
then we could be sending
Nas into another trap.
Now, this guy hasn't
asked for money before.
Something doesn't feel right.
Maybe he's trying to get out for
good and needs the money to run.
We keep taking these risks, Jane,
and getting our asses
kicked. I'm sick of it.
We need to start playing smarter.
This is the best lead we've
had on Shepherd so far.
What if we lose it?
The Confidential Informant Unit.
They're putting together the cash.
If the plaza checks
out, then we send Nas in.
Not before.
Agent Mary Crone?
Here.
What was with that whole
going home sick thing?
You were fine at the gym this morning.
Oh, yeah, um...
just don't feel well.
I told you not to have that last scotch.
You handle your hard
liquor like a pre-teen.
Oh, what, you worried you're gonna fail?
I know you have a soft spot
for those poppy-seed muffins.
Yeah.
Agent Edgar Reade?
You're next.
Stay sharp, team.
- Nobody moves until I do.
- Copy.
Our source probably has a
cutout picking up the drop.
So whoever takes that money, stay on them.
I'm here.
You look like a tourist.
- Nice gym bag.
- Thanks.
It was quite expensive.
Meet me on the fifth floor
of St. Joseph's Hospital.
Walk toward the laundry
cart around to your left.
Drop the bag in the cart.
Where are you? I want to meet.
Drop the cash, or the deal's off.
It's in the cart... now,
where is Shepherd's meeting?
Exit the building.
Once you're outside,
I'll give you her location.
Hang back.
Wait for the pickup.
Stop!
Stop! Come on!
- Who told you to drop that bag?
- I don't know.
Some guy paid me a hundred bucks.
Turn around.
All right... team,
that money's been dropped
down the laundry chute.
Go! Move to the basement now.
They'll never reach him in time.
Jane!
I've got eyes on the target!
Basement, heading toward the north exit.
Don't move.
Cade?
Former Sandstorm operative.
- He went rogue.
- And tried to kill all of us.
Drop the gun. Do it now.
Uhh!
Okay...
We're on the same side.
I doubt that.
I killed Oscar.
FBI, keep your hands where I can see 'em.
Cade?
He's been after us ever
since he tried to kill Jane.
He must've intercepted
the call from my source.
Intercept?
I am your source!
So, you should have your
results back by end of day.
What is it? Pot? Adderall?
No.
Coke?
It was just a couple times.
I was just blowing off some steam.
Blowing off some steam is a few beers.
That's a schedule two narcotic.
It's not that serious.
Not that serious? You're
about to fail an FBI drug test.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Do you wanna say it any louder?
You have to tell Weller.
I'm serious. Get ahead of this.
Better he hears it from
you than from some OPR suit.
He'll lose his damn mind.
No, he knows you've been going through
a lot, he will cut you some slack.
- We're a family.
- Oh, please.
That's just what people say.
He's my boss, and it'll be
his job to tell his boss.
So, what's the alternative?
It leaves your system in 24 to 48 hours.
When's the last time you used?
- Yesterday morning.
- In the morning?
So, you're still within the window.
Yeah.
_
- They caught Cade.
- How?
Guess we're about to find out.
Let's get changed.
And talk to Weller, please?
Sure, now's the perfect time.
You know anything about
me being drug tested today?
No.
Timing seems a little funny.
Agents can't call for random drug tests.
They're random.
All right, hey.
You're wasting valuable time.
I know where Shepherd's gonna
be in 90 minutes, not after that.
We'll tell you when we're wasting time.
So... start at the beginning.
Well, in the beginning, there was nothing,
and then the universe
started rapidly expanding.
For a guy who's worried about
time, you seem to have a lot of it.
- What do you want to know?
- Why you contacted me.
Why you turned against Shepherd.
Because I found out who she really is.
Look, I grew up in a mining town.
Mom died in labor, old man was all I had.
He died on the job. Faulty mine shaft.
Or a... what, an "act of God,"
according to the company lawyers.
I wanted those bastards to pay.
Tried to stage a few pickets,
it didn't make much difference.
Joined the Marine Corps,
didn't find any answers there.
I was... broken.
And that's when Shepherd found you.
Yeah, she saw I was hurting.
Saw a bruise she could press on.
She's good at that.
Said she had a better answer.
A way we could bring justice
to the people who killed
my dad and others like them.
I was all in. I became her loyal soldier.
Until?
Till the night I found
out that Shepherd
doesn't care about helping people.
Shepherd cares about Shepherd.
Everyone else is dispensable.
You learned about Phase Two.
Yeah.
So, like you were saying before,
how many civilians?
A lot... but if their deaths
save this country from tyranny,
it's worth it.
That's what Phase Two is about.
Enough, Roman!
Parker's looking for you.
Those details
are need-to-know.
- I'm sorry.
- I don't need you to be sorry.
I need you to be smart.
Rooting out corruption is one thing,
but I never wanted
innocent people to die.
So Roman gave you details about Phase Two.
I just knew it was gonna be deadly.
I tried to get more, but
on the high-level details,
- Shepherd kept a tight lid.
- I don't buy it.
If you were so angry, why did you stay?
Because I knew I could do
more damage on the inside.
That's when I started leaking to you.
Your story doesn't add up.
You didn't want innocents to die,
yet you tried to kill me and my team.
That was never about you.
That was about taking out
Shepherd's Trojan horse.
Stop Jane Doe, end it
before it even begins.
No, it was personal.
You went after Jane for
revenge against Oscar.
Yeah, it was both, because
Oscar killed someone I loved.
He killed Markos.
You can't trust him.
He was a Marine, like me.
He had no family, like me.
Markos made me whole.
And when Oscar took him away from me...
it was like I lost my
family all over again.
Last time I had a run-in with
you guys, I went underground.
I've been trying to track Shepherd,
and last week, I found her.
But I can't take her army out alone.
- How'd you track her?
- I know their safehouses.
Their contacts. Even Shepherd has patterns.
That's how I know where
she's gonna be today.
Where?
Where's the 500K you guys owe me?
Also, I want a guarantee
that I can walk away free after this.
Well, I've got the keys to those cuffs,
you're not walking anywhere.
You got no leverage.
I know the location of the most
wanted terrorist in the world,
and my intel's only good for another...
86 minutes.
That's the definition of leverage.
Kurt, stop being so
stubborn and talk this out.
There is no way in hell
that I'm gonna cut a deal
- with that psychopath.
- But this is war.
Sometimes we need to align
ourselves with people we don't...
He tried to kill Jane!
He should be in prison.
Not taking a world tour on the FBI's dime!
Kurt, he's not a psychopath.
He's trying to stop
Shepherd, just like we are.
Now, we have to put our
personal baggage aside.
Like you did with me.
That was different, Jane.
I remember you telling
Zapata you didn't even
wanna be in the same room with me.
But we had a common enemy.
This is our best chance
to take Shepherd down.
Stop her before she attacks.
Shepherd uses a fixer to smuggle
operatives in and out of the country.
Yeah, Shepherd told me about this guy.
That's who Borden was
meeting with yesterday,
that's where Shepherd's gonna be today.
Why would she risk going herself?
Seems below her pay grade.
Unless she's the one getting smuggled out.
Why would Shepherd flee
before Phase Two's over?
Maybe she doesn't wanna stick
around for the aftermath.
Look, whatever the reason,
if we don't catch her now,
we could lose her forever.
Fixer works out of a copy
store in East Rutherford.
- They're meeting at 3:00.
- So we beat her there,
take her down when she arrives.
We don't have much time, let's move.
Thank you, Cade.
Thank me when you get Shepherd.
We've got half an hour
until Shepherd gets here.
Beta team, I want you to
enter from the rear exit.
- Reade, Tasha, I want you...
- Wait... is that smoke?
Fire in the building... everyone move in.
Send in the fire department.
Blood.
We got a body.
He's dead.
Cade sold us out.
You're still working
with Shepherd, aren't you?
What's going on? You sandbagged us!
We got to the meet half an hour early,
but somehow Shepherd beat us there
- and killed the fixer.
- That's... That's not possible.
- It is if you tipped them off.
- Why the hell would I do that?
I've risked my life to
help you bring her down.
Not to mention I've
been in custody all day!
How would I have even gotten word out?
Maybe someone on your team leaked it.
- Excuse me?
- Yeah.
You were surrounded by your band of
merry men when I told you about the meet.
Maybe you've got a mole.
My team is ironclad.
Like Borden?
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I just got a crazy migraine coming on.
Excuse me.
Get your own glass house in order
before you start throwing stones.
Look, if you knew Borden was the
mole, why didn't you tell Nas?
I didn't know until I saw
him with Shepherd this week!
I was just a soldier, I was never
given every piece of the plan.
Let's go. It's a dead end.
Wait.
Even if he doesn't know where Shepherd is,
he could still be useful.
How the high and mighty have fallen.
Did we know each other?
Yeah, we knew each other.
Were we friends?
Yeah, I thought we were...
till you spent six months
trying to track me down and kill me.
Almost caught me once.
Missed me by, like, two minutes.
Now look at you.
I don't know whether to choke you
or feed you soup... maybe both.
Roman, do you have any memories of Cade?
Anything from Shepherd's compound?
I don't think so.
Talking about Phase Two?
I'm sorry.
I'm... I'm trying, I just...
I can't, I'm... I'm... I'm sorry.
It's okay. It was a long shot.
Well, your brother in a cage.
Guess you got your way after all.
Okay, I'll get some more
ammo from the armory.
Need a hand?
You're a grown man, you're
gonna let your sister
tell you who you can be friends with?
Hey...
We are not friends.
Roman...
Can't keep him locked up forever.
Good boy, Roman. Good boy.
People like Cade are beneath you.
I thought Shepherd didn't believe in rank.
That's not what...
We need to stay together.
Shepherd, you, and me.
There's no room for anyone else.
Understand?
I just got my test results back.
- You?
- Negative.
Must've passed through my system.
Guess I dodged a bullet.
- What?
- A bullet?
This was a cannonball.
And no matter what that test says,
you still have to deal with this problem.
It was a couple-day bender.
- I'm over it.
- You might be over the drugs.
You are not over the reason you used them.
Jones is dead, Freddy's
gone. I can flush the coke.
- Reade...
- I appreciate everything
you've done for me.
I really do, you know that.
This was a wake-up call.
- I'll be okay.
- Talk to Weller.
Take some time off. Get some help.
I don't need help, Tasha.
I mean this in the most
loving way possible,
either you tell Weller
you need some time off,
or I will do it for you.
No, you won't.
You're my best friend.
That is exactly why I will do it.
Prison transport's on the way.
You know, I wanna catch
Shepherd just as much as you do.
So what now?
You're facing charges for treason
and terrorism
for your role in Sandstorm.
I mean with Shepherd. Do
you have any other leads?
I'm sorry about your dad.
My uncle was a miner.
He was on the job for 32 years.
I know.
Shepherd talked about you a lot.
What else did she tell you?
- My role in her plans?
- No.
Like I said, those details
were strictly need-to-know.
You told Nas to follow
the cogs... is that me?
It's just something I
heard Shepherd say once.
- Didn't hear the context.
- It doesn't make sense.
Why does Shepherd care about me so much?
Shepherd doesn't care about you.
Or anyone. Look at her own children.
She loved them, and she tried to kill them.
She's protecting you
because you're still useful.
The second you're not...
things tend to get real simple.
Oh, my God.
Think of the asset she can
be, the intel she can provide.
I... I have this piercing headache,
and I can't seem to think straight.
Shepherd's always one step ahead of us.
So when are we gonna get a break?
Not now... not now!
- Hey.
Uh, this is kind of a weird question,
but are you my supervisor?
Yeah. I guess I am, why?
Well, this requisition form,
uh, it asks for my supervisor's signature.
It's for Roman.
Mattress, pillows,
blankets, books, reading lamp.
Yeah, look, I just...
I can't stand the idea
that he's so unsettled.
I know that feeling.
It's the same one that I
had when you first got here.
- What's up?
- Hey.
_
I've been running a
diagnostic on my server.
- _
- Long story short,
I have a root corruption
issue in my I.O. subsystem.
_
The problem goes all the way down
to the drivers and controllers.
_
Uh... we have to deal with it
before it corrupts the entire FBI server.
_
I think I can fix it, I just... I just...
I need a few hours.
_
Okay, get to work.
- What is this room?
- It's for sensitive computer forensics.
The metal mesh blocks
communication signals,
so Sandstorm can't hear us.
What do you mean,
"Sandstorm can't hear us"?
The migraines I've been having,
the time that I passed out,
I thought they were all
after-effects from the torture.
This... is an x-ray of my mouth.
And this... this is a radio transmitter.
It's inside your tooth?
When Shepherd tortured me, she
clocked me pretty hard in the jaw.
I think she planted a bug
while I was unconscious.
I thought that you were scanning
for listening devices every day.
This is emitting at such a low frequency
and using local radio towers as repeaters.
It's ingenious and basically invisible.
How did the doctors not catch this?
Because they were looking to
see if my jaw was fractured.
This looks like a cavity
unless you crazy zoom in.
She wanted you to escape that cabin.
That's how Sandstorm's
one step ahead of us.
They hear the play
calls before we run them.
You should get to the infirmary.
Get that bug out as soon as possible.
Actually...
I was thinking we don't
quite take it out just yet.
Sandstorm doesn't know
that we've found that bug.
So, we can use that to
feed them misinformation.
What are you thinking?
You need to hear this.
I just got back from Roman's cell.
Good idea putting Cade with him.
It's going well?
Yeah, it's helping Roman recover memories.
Nothing concrete yet, just bits and pieces.
Anything about Phase Two?
He's said the phrase
a couple of times.
The details will come.
Let's let Roman rest.
Reade, Patterson,
get the Millerton safehouse ready for Cade.
- On it.
- You got it.
We'll regroup tomorrow. Good night.
We need to take out Cade before
Roman recovers more memories.
Should we alert Shepherd?
She's on a barge in
the middle of the ocean.
We have to handle this ourselves.
I'll put a team together.
Is an ankle bracelet really necessary?
Well, Weller says we have to work with you.
That doesn't mean we
have to trust you.
All right, Lenkin and Glaser
are about 20 minutes out.
I don't understand how these
guys are always so damn late.
Everyone sit tight, we'll strike
after the FBI does their shift change.
Hold on, there's something
wrong with the battery.
Gun!
Officers down! We need backup!
Cade's on the move. Go, go!
Let's go, let's go!
Stay in pursuit! Do not let him get away!
Fall back! It's a trap, fall back!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
This is the FBI!
You're surrounded!
Drop your weapons! Put your hands up!
Keep them where we can see them!
Freeze!
Hands where I can see them!
Now!
You're completely surrounded!
You've got no options!
So drop your weapons!
Weller, I got a clean shot.
Do not take that shot, Reade.
Everyone, hold your fire.
We need them alive!
What the hell just happened?
I've got Borden, entering the barn
on the south end of the property.
Don't engage.
Wait for backup!
There's no way out, Nigel.
Turn yourself in.
You know I'm not gonna do that.
Are you sure about that?
'Cause we've got a nice, eight by
ten supermax cell ready for you.
Do you see those propane tanks?!
What do you think "highly flammable" means?
Gah!
Nigel Thornton, you're under arrest.
Let go of the gun
and put your hands in the air.
No.
No, you'll have to kill me.
No...
You're gonna spend the rest of your life
rotting in a cell, living
with what you've done.
It's okay... It's okay.
Any reasonable person
would want to kill me.
- Shut up!
- Your rage is completely normal...
Shut up! You don't get
to do that to me anymore!
I'm not gonna kill you.
I took an oath...
to my country,
to the Bureau, to uphold the law.
I really did care about you, you know.
And I didn't mean...
Yes, you did!
You lied to me.
You betrayed me.
You... you destroyed me.
You have to know.
I am sorry I did this to you.
No, you don't get to apologize,
and you don't get out
of this on your terms.
Now put down the gun.
I didn't want to do this.
Uhh!
Patterson?
Yeah. Uh, I'm sorry, I'm listening.
Can they still...
No, uh, RF scrambler. They can't hear us.
Look, I just wanted to tell you I'm sorry.
I know what you're going through.
When I killed Oscar,
I thought I'd feel some...
overwhelming sense of relief.
But I just felt betrayed and angry
and... somehow more unsafe.
If that makes any sense.
Actually... I'm fine.
Are you sure? Because what just happened
was pretty traumatic and... not just today,
but... all of it.
Yeah, I... I don't...
I feel... nothing.
I feel nothing.
Okay.
If you ever want to talk...
I'm gonna go up to the infirmary.
Get this tooth pulled.
I'll be honest, I didn't think you were
gonna come through on your promise.
I'll be honest, I wasn't sure
if I was going to, either.
But you held up your end.
So... where will you go?
Anywhere but here.
You don't have to.
You could stay and fight.
Shepherd is still out there
with an army behind her,
determined to strike... we
need all the help we can get.
Well, when you put it that
way, it sounds so appealing.
You and I both want the same thing, Cade.
To stop Shepherd from
destroying our country.
The same country that tried
to cover up my father's death?
What, you think I was
doing this for America?
I only defected because Shepherd
became what she was fighting against.
Well, then stay for revenge.
For what she did to you,
what she did to Markos.
You don't get it.
Shepherd, her army, her plans,
they can't be stopped.
I thought you said you didn't
know any details of Phase Two.
I don't. I know Shepherd.
And when Phase Two begins,
I wanna be far, far away.
Trust me.
When it goes down, you will, too.
He's not the man I thought he was.
I guess that's why they say you
should never meet your heroes.
Cade was all we have left.
Now he's gone.
Battling Shepherd is like trying
to grab a fistful of water.
All right, Nas, look at it this way.
Two of her key lieutenants
are on our side now.
And the other one's dead, and it looks like
she's preparing to flee the country.
For the first time, we've
got her on the ropes.
She's desperate.
That's what I'm afraid of.
First, I'm starting
with a local anesthetic.
I don't need it, I'm allergic.
- You don't know what's in it.
- What's in it?
- Lidocaine and epinephrine.
- I'm allergic.
This is an intensely painful procedure.
We could find another anesthetic.
Just get this thing out of me.
Just wanted to say good night.
You didn't have to do all this.
Yeah, I did.
Thank you.
_
- Everything okay?
- Yeah.
Yeah, it's just a work thing.
You should probably get to it.
Good night.
I like you... a lot.
And I think you kind of just
caught me off-guard last night.
Maybe we should come up with a list
of off-limit topics and safe topics...
Or this.
This is good, too.
- Hey.
- Hi.
We need to talk about Reade.
Okay. Come in.
Ohh!
Uhh!
Sync and corrections by explosiveskull
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org